[Music]
when one works with very high doses of
LSD one goes through a series of death
rebirth experiences in this image the
drop at the center underneath the line
represents our egoic Consciousness our
private Consciousness everything above
the line represents spiritual reality
transpersonal consciousness
the first death rebirth experience takes
place at the interface of our time space
Consciousness and the beginnings of
spiritual consciousness and it's usually
referred to as ego to death it is the
complete destruction of our personal
time space identity and the beginning of
an opening into spiritual reality
but if we continue this process if we
press deeper and deeper into spiritual
reality we go through more deaths more
cycles of death and rebirth at the
psychic
subtle
and causal levels of consciousness to
use terms that Stan uses now I have no
vested interest in a particular
cosmological map that delineates the
various strata strata of transpersonal
Consciousness here I'm simply trying to
make a point that as you go into deeper
levels of consciousness you come to
certain gateways and at these gateways
you must give up everything everything
you have known up to this point in time
in your journey in order to enter into
the new fields of Consciousness that are
beginning to open to you
foreign